=pod

=head1 NAME

Cmd::HiveRunner - Runs an instance of the Hive CLI as the given user

=head1 VERSION

version 0.001

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  my $hive = Cmd::HiveRunner->new(
    user => 'sscaffid',
    conf => { foo => 'bar' }
  );

  # confs are merged, with conf in run getting precedence.
  my $job = $hive->run(
    conf  => { 'mapred.job.queue.name' => 'default' },
    query => q{select * from t_location LIMIT 5},
  );

  # if you want to run things synchronously, just do this.
  $job->wait;

=head1 DESCRIPTION

=head1 ATTRIBUTES

=head2 sudo_path

The path to the sudo command. Will be auto-detected if not specified.

=head2 hive_path

The path to the hive command. Will be auto-detected if not specified.

=head2 user

The user under which to run hive. Will use sudo to change users if necessary.

=head2 conf

A hash of key => value pairs like would be passed to hive with the -hiveconf option.

=head1 METHODS

=head2 new

Construct a new HiveRunner object

=head2 run

Run the hive CLI with the given settings. Accepted parameters:

=over 4

=item user

The user under which to run hive

=item conf

Conf attributes to add-to or override those set in the object

=item query

The HQL query you want Hive to run. I<required>

=back

=for :stopwords cpan testmatrix url annocpan anno bugtracker rt cpants kwalitee diff irc mailto metadata placeholders metacpan

=head1 SUPPORT

=head2 Bugs / Feature Requests

Please report any bugs or feature requests by email to C<bug-cmd-hiverunner at rt.cpan.org>, or through
the web interface at L<http://rt.cpan.org/NoAuth/ReportBug.html?Queue=Cmd-HiveRunner>. You will be automatically notified of any
progress on the request by the system.

=head2 Source Code

The code is open to the world, and available for you to hack on. Please feel free to browse it and play
with it, or whatever. If you want to contribute patches, please send me a diff or prod me to pull
from your repository :)

L<https://github.com/Hercynium/Cmd-HiveRunner>

  git clone git://github.com/Hercynium/Cmd-HiveRunner.git

=head1 AUTHOR

Stephen R. Scaffidi <sscaffidi@cpan.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2012 by Stephen R. Scaffidi.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

